Fixed #35894 -- Reduced the usage of "patch" when referring to a code contribution. (#18780)
django/django: docs/internals/contributing/writing-code/index.txt

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

>    How to submit a pull request to Django for new and/or fixed behavior <pull-requests>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   How to submit a pull request to Django for new and/or fixed behavior <submitting-patches>
```
